# WindFarmProject
What is the best place in Massachusetts for GE Renewables to set up a wind farm?

**a. Problem Statement and Background** 
We will help to solve the problem of climate change and present evidence for why we should increase the amount of wind farms we have. Wind farms and other sources of renewable energy are solutions to slow climate change and provide a source to power cities and anything that requires a source of energy to function. The problem of climate change is important on a global level with the many negative effects being; rising maximum temperatures, rising minimum temperatures, rising sea levels, higher ocean temperatures, an increase in heavy precipitation (heavy rain and hail), shrinking glaciers, thawing permafrost, an increase in hunger and water crises, especially in developing countries, health risks through rising air temperatures and heatwaves, economic implications of dealing with secondary damage related to climate change ,increasing spread of pests and pathogens, loss of biodiversity due to limited adaptability and adaptability speed of flora and fauna, ocean acidification due to increased HCO3 concentrations in the water as a consequence of increased CO₂ concentrations.

**b. Introduction and Description of the Data**
I use dClimate’s API to collect data. dClimate is the world's first decentralized marketplace for datasets, forecasts, and models. Decades of data has been compiled from the NOAA, Google, and Accuweather in one location. We will be using datasets of each location's hourly wind speed for the past 10 years. We can use this to create scatter plots of wind speed over time for each location then calculate average monthly speeds and compare them to each location. We will take into account the trends of wind speed over time and if they are changing. In order to compare all locations we will use scatter plots with lines of regression and then compare all the lines of regression. The data has already previously been cleaned for accuracy and cleanliness when it was compared against all previous data sets in the area of decades of time.

We will use time series analysis in order to explore our question in order to identify trends and cycles over time. The trends over time will show us if the location is becoming more and more of a prime location, becoming less and less, or staying consistent over the years. We will also be able to visualize seasonality of wind data. Instead of comparing day to day or year to year, we can break down the averages to monthly averages to decide which months will be the most productive or produce the most energy. All of these techniques will help us persuade others of our answer because our decisions will be data driven with visualizations to help illustrate our findings.

**all-speeds (V4).py**
File that needs to be run to see the results and findings. Pulls the data from the other 3 csv files

**Link to Presentation** https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1d_epR_ig8xxetiTTHazbOl1JMRU1ckIiyapUWaQBceY/edit?usp=sharing 
